so first of all I've diced shoulder of
pork okay then swing round to your right
where we've got our black beans which
have been soaked in water overnight and
then boiled for about two hours to the
nice and Kenda and that by the way is
them in there they're dry State you can
easily buy them the thing which back up
to me please the thing which flavors and
influences this dish is something very
important in New Mexico
it's the chili these very hot but also
sweet little chilies which I've chopped
up here also with some garlic okay now
this is all gonna be cooked in a kind of
a sauce back to me again please I didn't
say come up thank you we're gonna be
thickened with blue flour and red
chilies okay and because the Americans
like their things a bit tasting a bit
spicy it's also going to have an isn't
it sweet a little honey in it and from a
bare pot okay so those are the
ingredients the other thing that's very
important when you're cooking on the
range is to have a little slurp yourself
and I always prefer the Kentucky Fried
gentlemen hmm very nice too now we're
gonna hope to wandering around to do a
hit live so stay with me that is first
of all get some walk round here over the
stove put a bit of oil in and we'll put
our meat and then in with our chilies
they do make life really difficult I
mean we've done it before I know he
loves these fresh air sequences but my
eyes are streaming from the smoke we're
at 7,000 feet of altitude
so I'm looking a bit wobbly it's not
because I've had too many Kentucky Fried
gentlemen but I have many know if there
is a definite effect on your head this
clear air the mountains the snow in the
background stuff really get enough of
that now for the roux
the crushed chilies going to there like
that along with some of this blue
cornmeal right and then the juice strain
off of the black beans is mixed into
that there's lot of wind here we can't
help that but a win mixed in to form a
thickening agent okay so that goes into
the pot right over here no problem
then over here Clive I would have put
the black beans in because this is the
nice part of the dish in they go this is
a good way of stretching the meat of
course it makes it a very economical
dish by adding the pulses and then
curious a little bit honey for bears
just to take some of that heat away from
the chimney hey looks rather good
doesn't it pork and black beans anyway
that needs about two hours over wood
mark three I know you've all got these
kind of stones that Chuck wagons at home
haven't you